modules/web/Readme.md, before:

PokéBot Event Stream
=====================

This is a way to receive continuous updates by the bot in JavaScript
or any other client that is capable of handling `text/event-stream`.

For a description of the protocol itself, see 
[this page on MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Server-sent_events/Using_server-sent_events#event_stream_format).

## How to use in JavaScript

[All modern browsers](https://caniuse.com/eventsource) have a built-in
client for this data type. You can use it like this:

```javascript
const connection = new EventSource("http://localhost:8888/stream_events?topic=...&topic=...");

connection.addEventListener("PerformanceData", event => handlePerformanceData(JSON.parse(event.data)));
connection.addEventListener("Opponent", ...);

function handlePerformanceData(data) {
    console.log(`FPS: ${data.fps}`);
}
```

## Subscribing to topics

For performance reasons, this endpoint requires you to specify which
events you want to receive. This allows the bot to not check for changes
in data that no one is interested in anyway.

To specify which topics you would like to receive, you need to provide
**one o more** `topic=...` query parameters, such as:

`/stream_events?topic=PerformanceData`  
or  
`/stream_events?topic=PerformanceData&topic=Opponent&topic=Party`

## Handling events

The JavaScript client acts as an event emitter, so you can just call its
`addEventHandler()` function (see the example code above) to handle them.

The first argument is the event name (a list of which will follow below)
and the second argument is a function that accepts the event.

See [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventSource/message_event)
for a description of the event object.

Note that while all our events are JSON-encoded, the `event.data` property
is _a string_. So you have to call `JSON.parse(event.data)` in order to get
back the actual value/data object.

## List of topics and events

This directory contains TypeScript declaration files that describe the
structure of event payloads. See [stream_events.d.ts](stream_events.d.ts).

The following topics are available:

### Topic `BotMode`

This will send you a `BotMode` event each time the bot mode is changed.


### Topic `EmulatorSettings`

This will send you one of the following events whenever that respective
setting in the bot is changed:

- `EmulationSpeed`
- `AudioEnabled`
- `VideoEnabled`


### Topic `GameState`

This will send you a `GameState` event whenever the in-game 'state' changes.

Game state is not something the game defines itself, but rather something the
bot detects and then uses internally. There is no definite list of possible
values as this might change regularly as bot development progresses.


### Topic `Map`

This will send you a `MapChange` event when the user _enters a new map_.


### Topic `MapTile`

This will send you a `MapTileChange` event whenever the user moves to a new
tile. The data is exactly the same as for the `MapChange` event, but you will
receive this one much more frequently due to it being fired on each new tile.

If you subscribe to both the `Map` and `MapTile` topics, you will receive _both_
a `MapChange` and a `MapTileChange` event (with identical data) when the user
enters a new map.


### Topic `Message`

This will send you a `Message` event whenever the message displayed in the GUI
changes.


### Topic `Party`

This will send you a `Party` event whenever something about the player's party
changes.

That is going to happen for every small change, such as a party Pokémon taking
damage or its HP decreasing due to walking while poisoned.


### Topic `PerformanceData`

When subscribing to this topic, your client will receive an event every
second containing some basic performance data (e.g. FPS, encounter rate, ...)

This event is also called `PerformanceData`


### Topic `Opponent`

This will send you an `Opponent` event each time the opponent changes.

That is going to happen when a wild encounter/trainer battle starts, when 
the opponent switches Pokémon in a trainer battle, when the opposing Pokémon
takes damage or uses a move (due to its PP decreasing) etc.

This event will also be fired when a battle _ends_, in which case the payload
is `null`.

Commit message:

Add Pokedex information to HTTP server and event stream service

modules/web/Readme.md, after:

PokéBot Event Stream
=====================

This is a way to receive continuous updates by the bot in JavaScript
or any other client that is capable of handling `text/event-stream`.

For a description of the protocol itself, see 
[this page on MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Server-sent_events/Using_server-sent_events#event_stream_format).

## How to use in JavaScript

[All modern browsers](https://caniuse.com/eventsource) have a built-in
client for this data type. You can use it like this:

```javascript
const connection = new EventSource("http://localhost:8888/stream_events?topic=...&topic=...");

connection.addEventListener("PerformanceData", event => handlePerformanceData(JSON.parse(event.data)));
connection.addEventListener("Opponent", ...);

function handlePerformanceData(data) {
    console.log(`FPS: ${data.fps}`);
}
```

## Subscribing to topics

For performance reasons, this endpoint requires you to specify which
events you want to receive. This allows the bot to not check for changes
in data that no one is interested in anyway.

To specify which topics you would like to receive, you need to provide
**one o more** `topic=...` query parameters, such as:

`/stream_events?topic=PerformanceData`  
or  
`/stream_events?topic=PerformanceData&topic=Opponent&topic=Party`

## Handling events

The JavaScript client acts as an event emitter, so you can just call its
`addEventHandler()` function (see the example code above) to handle them.

The first argument is the event name (a list of which will follow below)
and the second argument is a function that accepts the event.

See [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventSource/message_event)
for a description of the event object.

Note that while all our events are JSON-encoded, the `event.data` property
is _a string_. So you have to call `JSON.parse(event.data)` in order to get
back the actual value/data object.

## List of topics and events

This directory contains TypeScript declaration files that describe the
structure of event payloads. See [stream_events.d.ts](stream_events.d.ts).

The following topics are available:

### Topic `BotMode`

This will send you a `BotMode` event each time the bot mode is changed.


### Topic `EmulatorSettings`

This will send you one of the following events whenever that respective
setting in the bot is changed:

- `EmulationSpeed`
- `AudioEnabled`
- `VideoEnabled`


### Topic `GameState`

This will send you a `GameState` event whenever the in-game 'state' changes.

Game state is not something the game defines itself, but rather something the
bot detects and then uses internally. There is no definite list of possible
values as this might change regularly as bot development progresses.


### Topic `Map`

This will send you a `MapChange` event when the user _enters a new map_.


### Topic `MapTile`

This will send you a `MapTileChange` event whenever the user moves to a new
tile. The data is exactly the same as for the `MapChange` event, but you will
receive this one much more frequently due to it being fired on each new tile.

If you subscribe to both the `Map` and `MapTile` topics, you will receive _both_
a `MapChange` and a `MapTileChange` event (with identical data) when the user
enters a new map.


### Topic `Message`

This will send you a `Message` event whenever the message displayed in the GUI
changes.


### Topic `Party`

This will send you a `Party` event whenever something about the player's party
changes.

That is going to happen for every small change, such as a party Pokémon taking
damage or its HP decreasing due to walking while poisoned.


### Topic `PerformanceData`

When subscribing to this topic, your client will receive an event every
second containing some basic performance data (e.g. FPS, encounter rate, ...)

This event is also called `PerformanceData`


### Topic `Pokedex`

This will notify you each time the Pokedex data (seen and owned species)
changes.

The event is also called `Pokedex`.


### Topic `Opponent`

This will send you an `Opponent` event each time the opponent changes.

That is going to happen when a wild encounter/trainer battle starts, when 
the opponent switches Pokémon in a trainer battle, when the opposing Pokémon
takes damage or uses a move (due to its PP decreasing) etc.

This event will also be fired when a battle _ends_, in which case the payload
is `null`.
