wiki/pages/Mode - Roamer Resets.md, before:

🏠 [`pokebot-gen3` Wiki Home](../Readme.md)

# 🏃 Roamer Reset Mode
Roamer reset mode helps with finding shiny roaming Pokémon via soft-resetting.

## Emerald
![](../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Latias.png)
![](../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Latios.png)

On Emerald, this mode needs some preparation **before defeating the Elite Four for the first time!**

- Make sure you have a Pokémon that knows **Fly** in your party
- Make sure you have a Pokémon **between level 14 and 40** in your party (in order for Repel to work properly)
   - If this Pokémon has the ability **Illuminate** or **Arena Trap**, it will speed up the hunt by about 18%. But this is not strictly necessary
- Make your you have some **repels** in your inventory. The mode will soft reset when it runs out of repels, but that makes it less efficient
   - To all but ensure you never run out of them, make sure to pack at least **40 Max Repels**, or **50 Super Repels**, or **100 Repels**, or a combination thereof
- After defeating the Elite Four for the first time, you will be sent back to your house in Littleroot Town. **Do not leave the upper floor of that house or you will not be able to use this mode with that save game!**
- Move a Pokémon between level 14 and 40 (see step 2) to the front of your party
- Save the game (**in-game, not a save state**)
- Start mode


## FireRed/LeafGreen
![](../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Raikou.png)
![](../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Entei.png)
![](../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Suicune.png)

- Make sure you have a Pokémon that knows **Fly** in your party
- Make sure you have a Pokémon **between level 5 and 50** in your party (in order for Repel to work properly)
   - If this Pokémon has the ability **Illuminate** or **Arena Trap**, it will speed up the hunt by about 18%, but this is not strictly necessary
   - Move that Pokémon **to the front of your party**
- Make your you have some **repels** in your inventory
  - The mode will soft reset when it runs out of repels, but that makes it less efficient 
  - To all but ensure you never run out of them, make sure to pack at least **40 Max Repels**, or **50 Super Repels**, or **100 Repels**, or a combination thereof
- Go to the [**Pokémon Net Center**](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Pok%C3%A9mon_Network_Center) on [**One Island**](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/One_Island_(town)) and stand on the **left** side of the scientist who is facing a big machine to the right
- Save the game (**in-game, not a save state**)
- Start mode


## Ruby/Sapphire

This mode does not yet support Ruby/Sapphire (save state is required for development).

## Game Support
|          | 🟥 Ruby | 🔷 Sapphire | 🟢 Emerald | 🔥 FireRed | 🌿 LeafGreen |
|:---------|:-------:|:-----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:------------:|
| English  |    ❌    |      ❌      |     ✅      |     ✅      |      ✅       |
| Japanese |    ❌    |      ❌      |     ✅      |     ❌      |      ❌       |
| German   |    ❌    |      ❌      |     ✅      |     ❌      |      ❌       |
| Spanish  |    ❌    |      ❌      |     ✅      |     ❌      |      ❌       |
| French   |    ❌    |      ❌      |     ✅      |     ❌      |      ❌       |
| Italian  |    ❌    |      ❌      |     ✅      |     ❌      |      ❌       |

✅ Tested, working

🟨 Untested, may not work

❌ Untested, not working

Commit message:

Add RS Roamers (#328)
 Adds Ruby and Sapphire functionality to Roamer Reset Mode.

wiki/pages/Mode - Roamer Resets.md, after:

🏠 [`pokebot-gen3` Wiki Home](../Readme.md)

# 🏃 Roamer Reset Mode
Roamer reset mode helps with finding shiny roaming Pokémon via soft-resetting.

## Emerald
![](../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Latias.png)
![](../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Latios.png)

On Emerald, this mode needs some preparation **before defeating the Elite Four for the first time!**

- Make sure you have a Pokémon that knows **Fly** in your party
- Make sure you have a Pokémon **between level 14 and 40** in your party (in order for Repel to work properly)
   - If this Pokémon has the ability **Illuminate** or **Arena Trap**, it will speed up the hunt by about 18%. But this is not strictly necessary
- Make your you have some **repels** in your inventory. The mode will soft reset when it runs out of repels, but that makes it less efficient
   - To all but ensure you never run out of them, make sure to pack at least **40 Max Repels**, or **50 Super Repels**, or **100 Repels**, or a combination thereof
- After defeating the Elite Four for the first time, you will be sent back to your house in Littleroot Town. **Do not leave the upper floor of that house or you will not be able to use this mode with that save game!**
- Move a Pokémon between level 14 and 40 (see step 2) to the front of your party
- Save the game (**in-game, not a save state**)
- Start mode


## FireRed/LeafGreen
![](../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Raikou.png)
![](../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Entei.png)
![](../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Suicune.png)

- Make sure you have a Pokémon that knows **Fly** in your party
- Make sure you have a Pokémon **between level 5 and 50** in your party (in order for Repel to work properly)
   - If this Pokémon has the ability **Illuminate**, it will speed up the hunt by about 18%, but this is not strictly necessary
   - Move that Pokémon **to the front of your party**
- Make your you have some **repels** in your inventory
  - The mode will soft reset when it runs out of repels, but that makes it less efficient 
  - To all but ensure you never run out of them, make sure to pack at least **40 Max Repels**, or **50 Super Repels**, or **100 Repels**, or a combination thereof
- Go to the [**Pokémon Net Center**](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Pok%C3%A9mon_Network_Center) on [**One Island**](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/One_Island_(town)) and stand on the **left** side of the scientist who is facing a big machine to the right
- Save the game (**in-game, not a save state**)
- Start mode


## Ruby/Sapphire

![](../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Latias.png)
![](../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Latios.png)

Unlike Emerald version, Ruby and Sapphire are not restricted by the sequence that happens in your house immediately after defeating the Elite Four. After defeating the Elite Four for the first time, you will be sent back to your house in Littleroot Town. Walking to the first floor will trigger a cutscene in which Norman gives you the S.S. Ticket. The TV will be flashing; you can interact with the TV at any time after returning to your house, giving you time to prepare as follows:

- Make sure you have a Pokémon that knows **Fly** in your party
- Make sure you have a Pokémon **between level 14 and 40** in your party (in order for Repel to work properly)
   - If this Pokémon has the ability **Illuminate**, it will speed up the hunt by about 18%. But this is not strictly necessary
- Make your you have some **repels** in your inventory. The mode will soft reset when it runs out of repels, but that makes it less efficient
   - To all but ensure you never run out of them, make sure to pack at least **40 Max Repels**, or **50 Super Repels**, or **100 Repels**, or a combination thereof
- Move a Pokémon between level 14 and 40 (see step 2) to the front of your party
- Save the game on the first floor of your player character's house (**in-game, not a save state**; in front of the TV is most efficient)
- Start mode

## Game Support
|          | 🟥 Ruby | 🔷 Sapphire | 🟢 Emerald | 🔥 FireRed | 🌿 LeafGreen |
|:---------|:-------:|:-----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:------------:|
| English  |    ✅    |      ✅      |     ✅      |     ✅      |      ✅       |
| Japanese |    ❌    |      ❌      |     ✅      |     ❌      |      ❌       |
| German   |    ❌    |      ❌      |     ✅      |     ❌      |      ❌       |
| Spanish  |    ❌    |      ❌      |     ✅      |     ❌      |      ❌       |
| French   |    ❌    |      ❌      |     ✅      |     ❌      |      ❌       |
| Italian  |    ❌    |      ❌      |     ✅      |     ❌      |      ❌       |

✅ Tested, working

🟨 Untested, may not work

❌ Untested, not working
