wiki/pages/Mode - Fishing.md, before:

🏠 [`pokebot-gen3` Wiki Home](../Readme.md)

# 🎣 Fishing Mode

![](../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Tentacool.png)
![](../..//sprites/pokemon/shiny/Corsola.png)
![](../..//sprites/pokemon/shiny/Relicanth.png)

Fishing is a way to use a fishing rod to catch wild Pokémon in the water. Some Pokémon can only be caught by using a fishing rod.

Register any fishing rod and start the mode while facing water.

## Game Support
|          | 🟥 Ruby | 🔷 Sapphire | 🟢 Emerald | 🔥 FireRed | 🌿 LeafGreen |
|:---------|:-------:|:-----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:------------:|
| English  |    ✅    |      ✅      |     ✅      |     ✅      |      ✅       |
| Japanese |   🟨    |     🟨      |     🟨     |     🟨     |      🟨      |
| German   |   🟨    |     🟨      |     🟨     |     🟨     |      🟨      |
| Spanish  |   🟨    |     🟨      |     🟨     |     🟨     |      🟨      |
| French   |   🟨    |     🟨      |     🟨     |     🟨     |      🟨      |
| Italian  |   🟨    |     🟨      |     🟨     |     🟨     |      🟨      |

✅ Supported (tested)

🟨 Supported (not tested)

❌ Not supported

Commit message:

[Feebas] Register old rod only and sticky hold/suction cups check

wiki/pages/Mode - Fishing.md, after:

🏠 [`pokebot-gen3` Wiki Home](../Readme.md)

# 🎣 Fishing Mode

![](../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Tentacool.png)
![](../..//sprites/pokemon/shiny/Corsola.png)
![](../..//sprites/pokemon/shiny/Relicanth.png)

Fishing is a way to use a fishing rod to catch wild Pokémon in the water. Some Pokémon can only be caught by using a fishing rod.

- (Recommended) The first Pokémon in the party (can be fainted) should have the ability [Sticky Hold](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Sticky_Hold_(Ability)) or [Suction Cups](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Suction_Cups_(Ability)) to increase the bite rate while fishing
- Register any fishing rod and start the mode while facing water

## Game Support
|          | 🟥 Ruby | 🔷 Sapphire | 🟢 Emerald | 🔥 FireRed | 🌿 LeafGreen |
|:---------|:-------:|:-----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:------------:|
| English  |    ✅    |      ✅      |     ✅      |     ✅      |      ✅       |
| Japanese |   🟨    |     🟨      |     🟨     |     🟨     |      🟨      |
| German   |   🟨    |     🟨      |     🟨     |     🟨     |      🟨      |
| Spanish  |   🟨    |     🟨      |     🟨     |     🟨     |      🟨      |
| French   |   🟨    |     🟨      |     🟨     |     🟨     |      🟨      |
| Italian  |   🟨    |     🟨      |     🟨     |     🟨     |      🟨      |

✅ Supported (tested)

🟨 Supported (not tested)

❌ Not supported
