wiki/pages/Pokemon By Method.md, before:

🏠 [`pokebot-gen3` Wiki Home](../Readme.md)

# 🔎 Pokémon by Method

Below is a table of the encounters in Kanto, Johto and Hoenn with a link to the Wiki pages which give information on how to set up the bot mode.

Common encounters that are typically encountered via random encounters (with Spin and Fishing mode) are excluded from the list.

Use `CTRL` + `F` to find the Pokémon you're trying to hunt, and then check the wiki page for that method for further information.

---

## Useful Links

- [Hoenn Encounter Map](https://simplyblgdev.github.io/pokemon/hoenn)
- [Kanto Gen 3 Encounter Map](https://simplyblgdev.github.io/pokemon/kanto3)

---

## Encounter Table

| Sprite                                                                         | Pokémon    | Method                                                                                                                       |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Bulbasaur.png" style="max-width: 80px">  | Bulbasaur  | [Starters](Mode%20-%20Starters.md)                                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Charmander.png" style="max-width: 80px"> | Charmander | [Starters](Mode%20-%20Starters.md)                                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Squirtle.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Squirtle   | [Starters](Mode%20-%20Starters.md)                                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Clefairy.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Clefairy   | [Game Corner](Mode%20-%20Game%20Corner.md)\*                                                                                 |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Abra.png" style="max-width: 80px">       | Abra       | [Game Corner](Mode%20-%20Game%20Corner.md)\*                                                                                 |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Farfetch'd.png" style="max-width: 80px"> | Farfetch'd | Trade (FRLG) then [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Hitmonlee.png" style="max-width: 80px">  | Hitmonlee  | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Hitmonchan.png" style="max-width: 80px"> | Hitmonchan | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Lickitung.png" style="max-width: 80px">  | Lickitung  | Trade (FRLG) then [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Mr. Mime.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Mr. Mime   | Trade (FRLG) then [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Scyther.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Scyther    | [Game Corner](Mode%20-%20Game%20Corner.md)\*                                                                                 |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Jynx.png" style="max-width: 80px">       | Jynx       | Trade (FRLG) then [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Magikarp.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Magikarp   | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)\*                                                                 |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Lapras.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Lapras     | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Eevee.png" style="max-width: 80px">      | Eevee      | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Porygon.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Porygon    | [Game Corner](Mode%20-%20Game%20Corner.md)                                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Omanyte.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Omanyte    | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Kabuto.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Kabuto     | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Aerodactyl.png" style="max-width: 80px"> | Aerodactyl | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Snorlax.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Snorlax    | [Static Soft Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Soft%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Articuno.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Articuno   | [Static Soft Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Soft%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Zapdos.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Zapdos     | [Static Soft Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Soft%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Moltres.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Moltres    | [Static Soft Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Soft%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Dratini.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Dratini    | [Game Corner](Mode%20-%20Game%20Corner.md)\*                                                                                 |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Mewtwo.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Mewtwo     | [Static Soft Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Soft%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Mew.png" style="max-width: 80px">        | Mew        | [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)                                                                        |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Chikorita.png" style="max-width: 80px">  | Chikorita  | [Starters](Mode%20-%20Starters.md)                                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Cyndaquil.png" style="max-width: 80px">  | Cyndaquil  | [Starters](Mode%20-%20Starters.md)                                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Totodile.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Totodile   | [Starters](Mode%20-%20Starters.md)                                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Pichu.png" style="max-width: 80px">      | Pichu      | [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                                             |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Cleffa.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Cleffa     | [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                                             |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Igglybuff.png" style="max-width: 80px">  | Igglybuff  | [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                                             |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Togepi.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Togepi     | [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                                             |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Azumarill.png" style="max-width: 80px">  | Azumarill  | [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                                             |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Sudowoodo.png" style="max-width: 80px">  | Sudowoodo  | [Sudowoodo](Mode%20-%20Sudowoodo.md)                                                                                         |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Shuckle.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Shuckle    | [Rock Smash](Mode%20-%20Rock%20Smash.md)                                                                                     |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Tyrogue.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Tyrogue    | [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                                             |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Smoochum.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Smoochum   | Trade (Jynx FRLG) then [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                      |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Elekid.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Elekid     | [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                                             |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Magby.png" style="max-width: 80px">      | Magby      | [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                                             |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Raikou.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Raikou     | [Roamer Reset](Mode%20-%20Roamer%20Resets.md)                                                                                |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Entei.png" style="max-width: 80px">      | Entei      | [Roamer Reset](Mode%20-%20Roamer%20Resets.md)                                                                                |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Suicune.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Suicune    | [Roamer Reset](Mode%20-%20Roamer%20Resets.md)                                                                                |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Lugia.png" style="max-width: 80px">      | Lugia      | [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)                                                                        |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Ho-Oh.png" style="max-width: 80px">      | Ho-Oh      | [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)                                                                        |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Treecko.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Treecko    | [Starters](Mode%20-%20Starters.md)                                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Torchic.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Torchic    | [Starters](Mode%20-%20Starters.md)                                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Mudkip.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Mudkip     | [Starters](Mode%20-%20Starters.md)                                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Nosepass.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Nosepass   | [Rock Smash](Mode%20-%20Rock%20Smash.md)                                                                                     |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Lileep.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Lileep     | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Anorith.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Anorith    | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Feebas.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Feebas     | For now - [Fishing](Mode%20-%20Fishing.md), but a dedicated mode in future                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Castform.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Castform   | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Kecleon.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Kecleon    | [Kecleon](Mode%20-%20Kecleon)                                                                                                |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Wynaut.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Wynaut     | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)\*\*                                                               |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Beldum.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Beldum     | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Regirock.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Regirock   | [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)\*                                                                      |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Regice.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Regice     | [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)\*                                                                      |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Registeel.png" style="max-width: 80px">  | Registeel  | [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)\*                                                                      |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Latias.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Latias     | [Roamer Reset](Mode%20-%20Roamer%20Resets.md) & [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)\*                      |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Latios.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Latios     | [Roamer Reset](Mode%20-%20Roamer%20Resets.md) & [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)\*                      |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Kyogre.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Kyogre     | [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)\*(E) or [Static Soft Resets]((Mode%20-%20Static%20Soft%20Resets.md)(S) |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Groudon.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Groudon    | [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)\*(E) or [Static Soft Resets]((Mode%20-%20Static%20Soft%20Resets.md)(R) |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Rayquaza.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Rayquaza   | [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)\*                                                                      |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Deoxys.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Deoxys     | [Static Soft Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Soft%20Resets.md)                                                                   |

`*` This is the best mode to use, though other modes may work this is what is recommended to use for the best encounter rates.

`**` This should be used for Professor Oak's Challenge, though there are better encounter rates later in the game.

Commit message:

[MODE] Feebas mode (#242)
* Feebas mode

wiki/pages/Pokemon By Method.md, after:

🏠 [`pokebot-gen3` Wiki Home](../Readme.md)

# 🔎 Pokémon by Method

Below is a table of the encounters in Kanto, Johto and Hoenn with a link to the Wiki pages which give information on how to set up the bot mode.

Common encounters that are typically encountered via random encounters (with Spin and Fishing mode) are excluded from the list.

Use `CTRL` + `F` to find the Pokémon you're trying to hunt, and then check the wiki page for that method for further information.

---

## Useful Links

- [Hoenn Encounter Map](https://simplyblgdev.github.io/pokemon/hoenn)
- [Kanto Gen 3 Encounter Map](https://simplyblgdev.github.io/pokemon/kanto3)

---

## Encounter Table

| Sprite                                                                         | Pokémon    | Method                                                                                                                       |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Bulbasaur.png" style="max-width: 80px">  | Bulbasaur  | [Starters](Mode%20-%20Starters.md)                                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Charmander.png" style="max-width: 80px"> | Charmander | [Starters](Mode%20-%20Starters.md)                                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Squirtle.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Squirtle   | [Starters](Mode%20-%20Starters.md)                                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Clefairy.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Clefairy   | [Game Corner](Mode%20-%20Game%20Corner.md)\*                                                                                 |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Abra.png" style="max-width: 80px">       | Abra       | [Game Corner](Mode%20-%20Game%20Corner.md)\*                                                                                 |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Farfetch'd.png" style="max-width: 80px"> | Farfetch'd | Trade (FRLG) then [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Hitmonlee.png" style="max-width: 80px">  | Hitmonlee  | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Hitmonchan.png" style="max-width: 80px"> | Hitmonchan | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Lickitung.png" style="max-width: 80px">  | Lickitung  | Trade (FRLG) then [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Mr. Mime.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Mr. Mime   | Trade (FRLG) then [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Scyther.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Scyther    | [Game Corner](Mode%20-%20Game%20Corner.md)\*                                                                                 |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Jynx.png" style="max-width: 80px">       | Jynx       | Trade (FRLG) then [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Magikarp.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Magikarp   | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)\*                                                                 |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Lapras.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Lapras     | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Eevee.png" style="max-width: 80px">      | Eevee      | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Porygon.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Porygon    | [Game Corner](Mode%20-%20Game%20Corner.md)                                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Omanyte.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Omanyte    | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Kabuto.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Kabuto     | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Aerodactyl.png" style="max-width: 80px"> | Aerodactyl | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Snorlax.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Snorlax    | [Static Soft Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Soft%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Articuno.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Articuno   | [Static Soft Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Soft%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Zapdos.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Zapdos     | [Static Soft Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Soft%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Moltres.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Moltres    | [Static Soft Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Soft%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Dratini.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Dratini    | [Game Corner](Mode%20-%20Game%20Corner.md)\*                                                                                 |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Mewtwo.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Mewtwo     | [Static Soft Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Soft%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Mew.png" style="max-width: 80px">        | Mew        | [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)                                                                        |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Chikorita.png" style="max-width: 80px">  | Chikorita  | [Starters](Mode%20-%20Starters.md)                                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Cyndaquil.png" style="max-width: 80px">  | Cyndaquil  | [Starters](Mode%20-%20Starters.md)                                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Totodile.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Totodile   | [Starters](Mode%20-%20Starters.md)                                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Pichu.png" style="max-width: 80px">      | Pichu      | [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                                             |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Cleffa.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Cleffa     | [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                                             |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Igglybuff.png" style="max-width: 80px">  | Igglybuff  | [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                                             |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Togepi.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Togepi     | [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                                             |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Azumarill.png" style="max-width: 80px">  | Azumarill  | [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                                             |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Sudowoodo.png" style="max-width: 80px">  | Sudowoodo  | [Sudowoodo](Mode%20-%20Sudowoodo.md)                                                                                         |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Shuckle.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Shuckle    | [Rock Smash](Mode%20-%20Rock%20Smash.md)                                                                                     |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Tyrogue.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Tyrogue    | [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                                             |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Smoochum.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Smoochum   | Trade (Jynx FRLG) then [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                      |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Elekid.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Elekid     | [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                                             |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Magby.png" style="max-width: 80px">      | Magby      | [Daycare](Mode%20-%20Daycare.md)                                                                                             |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Raikou.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Raikou     | [Roamer Reset](Mode%20-%20Roamer%20Resets.md)                                                                                |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Entei.png" style="max-width: 80px">      | Entei      | [Roamer Reset](Mode%20-%20Roamer%20Resets.md)                                                                                |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Suicune.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Suicune    | [Roamer Reset](Mode%20-%20Roamer%20Resets.md)                                                                                |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Lugia.png" style="max-width: 80px">      | Lugia      | [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)                                                                        |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Ho-Oh.png" style="max-width: 80px">      | Ho-Oh      | [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)                                                                        |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Treecko.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Treecko    | [Starters](Mode%20-%20Starters.md)                                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Torchic.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Torchic    | [Starters](Mode%20-%20Starters.md)                                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Mudkip.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Mudkip     | [Starters](Mode%20-%20Starters.md)                                                                                           |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Nosepass.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Nosepass   | [Rock Smash](Mode%20-%20Rock%20Smash.md)                                                                                     |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Lileep.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Lileep     | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Anorith.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Anorith    | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Feebas.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Feebas     | [Feebas](Mode%20-%20Feebas.md) or [Fishing](Mode%20-%20Fishing.md) (if you know the tile)                                    |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Castform.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Castform   | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Kecleon.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Kecleon    | [Kecleon](Mode%20-%20Kecleon)                                                                                                |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Wynaut.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Wynaut     | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)\*\*                                                               |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Beldum.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Beldum     | [Static Gift Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Gift%20Resets.md)                                                                   |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Regirock.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Regirock   | [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)\*                                                                      |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Regice.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Regice     | [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)\*                                                                      |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Registeel.png" style="max-width: 80px">  | Registeel  | [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)\*                                                                      |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Latias.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Latias     | [Roamer Reset](Mode%20-%20Roamer%20Resets.md) & [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)\*                      |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Latios.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Latios     | [Roamer Reset](Mode%20-%20Roamer%20Resets.md) & [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)\*                      |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Kyogre.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Kyogre     | [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)\*(E) or [Static Soft Resets]((Mode%20-%20Static%20Soft%20Resets.md)(S) |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Groudon.png" style="max-width: 80px">    | Groudon    | [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)\*(E) or [Static Soft Resets]((Mode%20-%20Static%20Soft%20Resets.md)(R) |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Rayquaza.png" style="max-width: 80px">   | Rayquaza   | [Static Run Away](Mode%20-%20Static%20Run%20Aways.md)\*                                                                      |
| <img src="../../sprites/pokemon/shiny/Deoxys.png" style="max-width: 80px">     | Deoxys     | [Static Soft Resets](Mode%20-%20Static%20Soft%20Resets.md)                                                                   |

`*` This is the best mode to use, though other modes may work this is what is recommended to use for the best encounter rates.

`**` This should be used for Professor Oak's Challenge, though there are better encounter rates later in the game.
